---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3"
date:   2014-11-11 14:42:56
---

We tried to approach the writing process as broad as possible. First, we wanted
to know what helps creative endeavours, in general.

From our own experience, we proposed that having an audience can help someone
grow in a creative endeavour, and that feedback is invaluable. Intrinsic
motivation is very important, but having some sort of obligation (weekly,
monthly, having a competition to look forward to) can help the learning process.

Our hypothesis is that the learning material of the future should 
incorporate these factors.

The internet offers entry points that did not exist a couple of years ago:
medium.com is a publishing platform that anyone can use to write, create an
audience, get feedback.

## Interviews
Every one of the interviewees agreed that sharing a creation with others is
hard. Obligation is not always fun, but some form of obligation is necessary to
get better. Making something for an audience sometimes triggers the next step in
a learning process: exposing a painting in school, playing in front of people,
sending a written piece to the newspaper.

If we want to integrate these kind of platforms into the writing curricula,
preserving intrinsic motivation is the key challenge. Letting people choose
their own subjects, or participating in a writing contest, or sending a piece
to a newspaper.

One of interviewees planned on using deviantart, a platform to share drawings
and paintings, because an online platform is anonymous, yet it can provide
more honest feedback than for example family members.

deviantart.com
medium.com
exercism.io
editio.nl
tumblr.com
github.com
newpoetry.nl

