---
layout: post
title: "Week 2"
date:   2014-11-4 11:27:56
---

## Preparation
To prepare ourself for the interiews, we discussed possible ways in which technology can aid the writing process. And looked at technologies that changed or possibly will change the way we write.
- Forums allow everyone to take writing education.
- Simple structuring can be provided by word processor. (for educational
  purposes.)
- We have spellcheckers, but can we have more? (sentence level)
- Creative process cannot be aided.



## Interview 1
What we learned:
- Direct questions about technology and the process do not elicit a good
  response.
- Questions like "do you like writing?" or "What kind of assignment
  are you working on?" got better responses.

## Interview 2
This was not very productive.

## Interview 3
This was not very productive.

## Interview 4
This was not very productive.

## Interview 5 (apprenticing)
In this interview, we asked the interviewees to write a recommendation for one of
the courses they had followed this year. We specifically stated that the
audience were fellow students. We tried to make the barier to write as low as possible.
After three minutes of writing, we talked about the writing process.

Most important findings:
- It was not very hard to do, the interviewees started writing imediatly, all
  of them felt finished after 2 or 3 minutes.
- The interviewees were not very content with what they wrote, but when we asked
  them why, they couldnt produce many reasons, and after all, seemed quite
  content.
- Most agreed that with 5 more minutes of editing, the piece would be ready
  for publishing in a faculty paper. It was interesting that before the
  discussion, the interviewees stated that the pieces needed at least an hour of
  editing.
